





                                   CHARACTERS INTRODUCTION
MALE LEAD :


Name: Vansh Sinh Sahaaye.          Age: 30

Profession: Owner and CEO of VSS corporations and MAFIA king.

Qualities: rude, arrogant, stubborn, perfectionist, smart, devilishly handsome , ruthless, can't say what he is going to do next, emotionless the only emotion he knows is anger .

About: Vansh is the owner of one of the topmost and leading corporation company of world .He is king of both the business and under world. No one dares to mess with him if they love their life. Even the devil of hell may spare you but vansh forget it . The way he punishes is ten times cruel the way a devil could torture, those who try to betray vansh ,they try to kill themselves before being caught by vansh because they know for once even the death can spare them but vansh would love to torture them until every drop of blood is shed from their body, every bone is crushed into pieces and every muscle get teared and ripped off from their body, but this is the vansh that he made himself after the tragic incident, he was not like he is now ,he always had a soft corner  but what changed him  ?????

Family: his father: mr. Mahendra sinh sahaaye

                 his mother: mrs. Deepali mahendra sinh sahaaye 

                his uncle: mr. Narayanan sinh sahaaye 

                his aunt: mrs. Sonali narayanan sinh sahaaye

               his grandmother: mrs. Raajnandini shlok sinh sahaye

                his grandfather: mr.Shlok sinh sahaye .

               siblings: Ruhika(dead, his real sister),nisha(his real sister) ,  Saimon , Arhaan, Meera.(cousins)

              Supriya roy (once upon a time his love)

his friends : Abhinav oberoi,  Devarsh malhotra

his friends : Abhinav oberoi,  Devarsh malhotra






FEMALE LEAD:



{this is video resembles only the attitude not her naughty personality, but this also shows how smart and fearless she is . Its upto you how you imagine her character but this for some rough idea}

Name: Nupur .               Age: 28



Profession:  IT engineer in Oberoi corporate



Qualities: smart, intelligent, beautiful, stubborn, possessive about her things, loves animals, fearless, talented , mischievous, naughty.



About:  Nupur is one of the best and highest paid IT engineer in her company. She is the most trusted employee of her company. From childhood she was alone with just only herself. It was her luck that the orphanage adopted her from the age of 4.  She then decided to become an independent women . After being disown by her own parents she almost lost her trust in people but living in orphanage she was able to keep her emotions and happy life alive. But still she thinks that she would never get the love and care she craved and deserved .Her calm composed nature always helps her to deal with any situation. After being harassed and devastated by the world she only had few people left to trust. One of them is her boss mr.Abhinav oberoi. She almost spent 5 years in this company. Number of times her naughty and mischievous action pushed her into troublesome situations but as said she is smart and intelligent so finds a way to deal it .She is always possessive about her things just like kids who are possessive about their toys and chocolates. She is not fully introvert person but is a moody type . She never has bad intention about anyone but says on face what she feels due to which some people just hate her but that's not even the last thing she cares. She minds her own business until you disturb her and she never fails to give back what you gave her .



Family: will be known in the story               

            Shanti amma(caretaker)                

            her boss: mr. Abhinav Oberoi              

             her friend : Kritika Oberoi

             her friend : Kritika Oberoi
                                                                      

                                                                            THEM TOGETHER 


                                                          chapter 1
author's pov

"these all proves that because of you we lost the important deal .now can you explain how our file got leaked because as we remember you are the only one who handles 
the whole security of the company ."one of the person whose name is mr.suyash verma aligated nupur in the whole meeting room . nupur who was smirking while listening 
to all his false aligations calmly said"you are right mr .verma this all proves me a rat because by making these kind of fake evidence not only me but anyone can be 
proved a mole ." no one was able to understand the what nupur was trying to say but her boss mr.oberoi definetly understoo she has some meaning .

"what do you mean, this all the imformtion is fake ??" mr. verma said getting angry and in a loud tone . "mind your tone mr. verma . i am not yet done withh my 
explanations."nupur said little high . mr. verma started tos sweat as if he is hiding something. nupur messaged someone and said him to come in . seing the person
mr.verma's face became pale because came to know that now nupur is not going to leave her."what going on here can you expalin nupur because its getting complicated"
mr oberoi said not understanding the situation . but he was sure that nupur will have something big to say because she is the mot trusted employww of his comoany and
she could never do anything that would make any loss to the company .

from few days the environment of the company is very tensed because continuously they lost two deals with their international clients ans this is due to someone who is 
leaking all the information of the company. the whole team is trying to find the culprit but whem mr verma verma showed all the evidence which showes nupur is at
everyone became shocked but our nupur being master in all this knew how to backfire.

"ohh rohit come here have a seat "nupur said with faked smile .everyone knew that rohit was ex employee of the the company working ubbnder nupur's team . no doubt he is 
a genius with computer but he always had evil eyes on women working their . once he tried to misbehave with nupur but she was able to fight him which resulted him in
being thrown out of the company."so as all of you can see this paper i meane fake evidence here are not not anythinh but just an artwork of our ex employee rohit."
nupur said smirking towards mr. verma eho refused make eye contact with her. "care to explain mr rohit or should i do the honour"nupur said.

"it's true that these all fake papers are created by me to prove her mole of the compay" rohit said ." ok fine thse paper are fake but what about this camera fottage "
mr verma said with much difficulty . " ohh that then you really need to concentration to understand the time" nupur said sharly looking at mr. verma. " 
"this fottGE Has lag of 45 minutes and it has been eddited. but no one knows being the head of whole security system i also have the poriginal fottage with here it is"
nupur said in a challenging tone . hearing this mr. verma was almost going to collapse. "miss nupur then please tell us who did all this and why because rohit may 
have personal grudges with you but our company's fottage cannot be eddited as simple "mr oberoi said . 

"you are right sir. that is why i already replaced our original file of deal one day before the deal   with the fake one . this video shows that i was the done who
was transferring all the data but in reality i was at office at 1 am in night but here it shows i was at 10pm this means it has beed edited.before losing one deal i 
was damn sure something might happen second time that is why i came back at office . at that hour everone must be at home but when i saw the compay's single area i
found someone was still there in the company. i was not sure so i decided to call mr. verma  and after 3 rings  he picked up the call. he said he is in mumbai for 
some but then i realised then the callertune of his phone should be in marathi but it was in hindi so i checked his location and it was near his farmouse in delhi only
i reached office and rohit was also their sneaking into our office . he is a computer expert and was working in our company so i was not difficult for him to breake the 
code. but i was my luck that he came after i chandged the file. then i saw him meeting r. verma. i thought it was just a random meet but when i saw mr verma giving him
huge amout in return of file then i understood all this dirty game "nupur finished. while giving deadly glare to mr. verma whose all clour were drained off. 

"i knew it nupur you would never do something like this and you mr verma this was never expectedfrom you atleast not after working this long . nupur you can call the 
police because don't want any of these bastards around my company"mr obroi said in declaring tone. "bitch who the hell are you to send me to jail. you think they will 
be able to keep me for long time . yes i was the who planned all this . i just wanted you to show your position to you . bitch you really think you are the only expert 
in the company . because of you now i don't get the respect i first used to have and you also snatched my position in the company . you bit_____"mr.verma was saying 
with hate and anger just then a tught slap from nupur landed on his face that left red mark. " what did you say about me you batard that i snatched your position poor
you who was just busy in blackmailing and fucking around the whole city what do you think i didn't do any investigation on you___"nupur said again giving tight slap to 
him.

just then the police arrives and arrests both rohit and mr verma . everyone knew that i was easy for mr. verma to come out of jail but than nupur said in authorised 
tone" wait not only this here take this , it includes all the details about his black money and scams . not only this his all illegal works and property agreement are 
here. and also here are the video confessions of how he was black mailing the families and all his call logs with recordings" nupur handed all the files and a pendrive
to the police . everyone in the room was hell shocked like how this girl was able to expose him as easy .mr verma was still not able to process all the things that 
just happened.because this matter is not as lightly as he was taking . it was more difficult for him to come out of the jail now . 

nupur went mear him and said "bola thana agar muje chedoge to chedne layak chodungi nahi" with devilish smile while he stayed there gritting his teeth."you can take 
him now and i want you to make sure he receives his punnishment perfectly."mr. oberoi said but he was having different plans for mr verma ." it's impressive miss nupur . 
i am proud of you." everone started to leave the room . "now can you please stop calling me miss just say nupur now " nupur said frustrated ." yeah of cource why not 
and what do you think think about having party tonight" mr oberoi said cheeringly." for what losing the deal or getting them arrested" nupur said ." no,, for my
friend's hardwork and innocence . i mean you really are a genius in both computer and politics world "mr oberoi said ."  hmm i am but no part i just need a weak holiday 
after we again crack the deal as i tried to contact our clients and told them the whole scenario so by the end of the weak we need to complete our work so let's start
from now " nupur said getting out of the room. " i mean how that energy in you never gets drained atleast use some of it in party "mr oberoi huffed.



nupu's pov 
wow after this great hustle bustle now we will be preparing for the final deal . this is not the first time it happened with me . it's just now i have the confidence 
and know how to solve them . bastard thinking he could make me guilty for something i didn't comminted but he doesnot i have jus trained myself how to deal with.
working i this company was my dream and i have dedicated my 5 years loyally in this company . of course my boss mr abhinav oberoi 
 who is more like a friend to me always supported me and he has a trust in me .


finally we were able to crack the deal that we almost lost but due to hardwork of our team we did it and as i said i am a weak holiday. this is my life staring with the 
company ans ending here only . it has become a home for me . 
                                   
             
                                                              chapter 2
author's pov:

somewhere in the streets of italy a man is running bare feet and bleeding with uncountable bruises on his body that shows that how mercilesslly he was tortured but 
somehow he managed managed to escape . it was his beleif but in  actual he didn't knew knew that his freedom was a guest of few minutes. poor him of thinking that he 
escaped the DEVIL but everyone knows that it is easy to escape from hell but impossible to even hide from DEVIL. as the man was running , an aware of pair of cold 
eyes watching him and thinking how to give him a shivering death. the man reached the warehouse and thought that now he will be saved but the devil had another plans. 



as he opened the door he was hell shocked to see all the dead bodies and the devil himself waiting for him sitting on the chair like a lucifer.his presence filled the 
room with dominance. no one had courage to look into his cold and raged eyes that 
already made him look into hell and he realised not even god can save him now. he was on his knees saying"please please have mercy on me please leave give me a chance 
i will never repeat it please i beg " the man fell down begging and crying because he knew his end is near . but the devil was doesnot matter what he was saying . the 
devil was none other than VANSH SINH SAHAYAYE . 

he got up from his chair and moved towards the man signalling his men to tie him on the chair . he took a cutter from his pocket and man feared at the sight of witnessing 
the real devil in front of him . " tsk tsk tsk i hate betrayals and what i hate the most is the courage in you to escape from my hell . do you think after stealing my 
container and leaking my information to my rival you will be able hide in this small place of italy ." vansh said in dominating tone and the next second the man was 
screaming at the top of his lungs that send shivers to all of present there but it was more like a music to vansh's ears. " in my world there is no second chance either 
do or die. but still you thought i would leave you."he said . "assholes like you are just a burden in this world and i don't have time to waste on shits like you ." he 
said throwing gun in front of him. " so would you kill yourself or should i do the honor."he said turning back with a smirk . 


the man took the gun and as expected he tried to aim at vansh , everyone were not scared not for vansh but for the man . maybe he could have get an easy death but now
after his foolish act no everyone knew what was coming next . as he pulled the trigger to shoot he realised it was empty and vansh was smiling devilishly as if he knew 
abiut his intentions . "once a rat always a rat .start the machine and i want him inside it ." vansh ordered his men to throw him in the shredding mchine and give
a painfull death . the man started to beg madly and regretedfor his act because his death will be 10 times painfull now. soon the screaming of man was replaced by 
the complete silence , only the sound of machine was there. during all this vansh was enjoying how his body was shredded into numereous pieces with a pool of blood . 



anyone present there was freaked to see how vansh was calmly enjoying the view in front of him."harsh make the jet ready for night we are heading to india today itself"
vansh ordered his right hand . vansh reached his suite and took a cold shower  to relax himself . 


vansh's pov:

i poured a drink for myself and started replying my mails. as said people call me devil not because i am powerful but for how i rule both business and under world .
this is not the first time someone cheated me but what enraged me is being my man knowing the consequences he tried this foolish act . even i did't left my father who 
betrayed me then who are these to whom i will let them live .i love to see fear in people eyes due to me and their screams while i torture them are nothing but a melody
to me . changes are a part of life but i had a drastic change in my life that no one can ever expect but now this is my whole life. i have build my own empire to rule
and i love it when people see me as devil king . 

now i and my right hand man harsh are going back to india in my private jet . harsh has been my most trusted man since i build this empire and with his hardwork and money 
he has opened his own security company but still he wanted to do work under me . i like the way how he plays with mind of others of course the crdit goes to me but he 
never leaves chance to impress me. with his help we are able able catch rats from the company . 

we finally landed to india and i was heading back to my mansion .the massive gate opened as my car entered the mansion and i entered the hall. " bhaii finally you came 
good to see you ." meera said cheeringly hugging me . 


                                                          chapter 3:

author's pov:

Nupur is enjoying her week holidays , it's different thing that her enjoyment includes spending time on computer, practicing hacking and coding even after she is an 
expert in her field . She never had any ego or attitude regarding her skills . She always minded her business and expected everyone not to interfere in her life. The 
door bell rang and it was her friend KRITIKA OBEROI and  sister  of Abhinav. 
Since she joined the company, Kritika became her friend. Kritika was very much impressed
by her skills. Kritika is quite chill person and doesn't give a fuck about rules.Both of them are quite opposite of their nature but still they both understand each other
Kritika always find the comfort in Nupur's silence and kritika's bubbly nature always helps Nupur to open up . it's like they both find peace in each other's company .
kritika is beauty with business brains and she has her own marketing company . Once someone tried to hack her company's working system, it was then abhinav made her met 
Nupur. Since then they  became close friends. 

"what the Ffffff girl, are you enjoying your break or telling us methods to ruin it !!!"kritika said making nupur confused ."i mean who the hell works on 
holidays after getting highly paid and getting enough bonus ."kritika blurted out unsatisfied by Nupur.
"then what did you expect?" nupur asked getting the meaning behind her words and sat on the couch of hr living room."damn girl , it's time to party and drink after so
much hectic work."kritika said opening her bag and showing her two sexy dresses while nupur's whole concentration was on her laptop.


"offo nuppu , for the god's sake no no devil's sake atleast look at these . you know i spent my 5 hours on just selecting these two dresses for us ."kritika said getting
frustrated by nupur's behaviour . nupur understood her frustation and said "ok fine nice dresses , nice colour, amazing brand , looks classy, perfectly matching your choice 
will look wonderful on you now happy and i also know that what your this brain is planning about today's night so let me tell you i will say only big fat NO"
 glancing at the dresses and again drifting her mind towards her laptop."how rude of you nuppu atleast you can give excuse of saying no but i forget it's nupur. so finally 
you got me now you will have to come after all i have planned everthing so no tantrums or excuses or any opinion you are coming with me"kritika said. "kritu try to 
understand there is something on which i need to focus so sorry you can go "nupur said with blank space .

"nuppu i hought you are the only person who would understand meatleast you will care about my birthday and fullfil my wish of going to club night . thi is the least 
i expected from you nuppu . so now i got it no one is having a spare time for me.it's not like i don't care about your work but bhaii told me you were free"kritka 
said while playing her emotional card . only she knows even if nupur loves her computer but she loves her and cannot upset her kritika .  

"okay okay no need to be emotional now . just tell me the place and time "nupur said giving her whole concentration on kritika."that's my girl . so as you know tomorrowis my birthday so we will be clubbing till night and drinking dancing partying that's all and of cource it's safe because bhaii will also be there but minding his own 
business"kritka said being excited."okay that's good we can get ready at my home only and leave from here"nupur said after knowing the name of club.

"so it BLUE KNIGHT CLUB , not too far and we will leave at 8 pm after dinner"kritika informed.
finally it was time and both of them got ready for the club .


[dresses]



 at first nupur decided to go there for kritika but after knowing the name of club she eagerly wanted to go there. although nupur is not a good fan of clubs and party 
she always went there for kritika as abhinav always trusted her sister around nupur or his friends .they reached the club.it is one of popular club of the city.
the club was decently crowded .it had two sections one for all persons coming for clubbing and another for VIP business meeting sometimes also illegal meets so it had
restrictions to commoners.

both of them went inside . kritika went to baar section while nupur was observing the club. nupur drinks occasionally and kritika knows her limits.both of them were 
enjoying and dancing. altough nupur does not like all this but she knows how to mould herself according to her environment.they met abhinav there . abhinav was here 
with his friends for some meeting.abhinav went to them "i think now the party has started" said abhinav sipping from his glass. "bhaii of cource after all tomorrow is my
birthday so itna to banta haina .you know tomorrow there will be a lots of people and guests at the party so i won't be able to enjoy with my nuppu"kritika said."enjoy 
and nupur are totally different words but still i don't know how you match your vibes with her "abhinav said dramatically  looking at nupur who rolled her eyes ."because
she is my friend not my employee"kritika said .

"hey guys please stop it you both and you abbhi what are you gonna do here with us "nupur asked ."nuppu didn't i told he is here only for one of his boring meeting"
kritika said with bored look."yup right but correction i am here for an important meeting not boring"abhinav said hile taking out one small box from his pocket"but not 
only for meeting i was here  to give my sister her birthday gift but i think she wants me to attend my boring meeting only so fine i will go there" abhinav said 
turning his back ." no wait bhaii i didn't mean that . of cource your meeting would be boring that is why you came to meet me your dear sister.no problem you can enjoy
with us we don't have any problem and of course it's going to be  my birthday "nupur said the last line with suger coated words andsnatching the box from his hand  .
seeing her both abhinav and nupur smiled


kritika  was very excited to open the box . nupur knew that abhinav loves his sister a lot and also likes to spoil her.kritika opened the box and found the keys of latest
________audi R8___________.she was on cloud nine after all she got what she was longong from long time ."bhaii how did you know i wanted this "kritka said hugging abhinav. she
litteraly jumped on him. she had tears in her eyes after seeing the keys of her favourite car."thank you so much bhaii . every year you give the best gift and also plan a 
grand party . thank you bhaii again"kritika said"now starts the real party "saying the she went to dance floor .while nupur just admired heir bond .

abhinav saw her and understood how lonely she must be feeling after all she is also a human how much she denies but eyes never lie."hey gorgeus , i think you have definitely
planned to kill many "he said dramtically to divert her mind and nupur huffed at his cooment."why not after all after working hard i deserve to kill some of them and don't
forget abhi i am your employee so stop flirting"nupur said." employee but in the office only here you are my friend and i can priase my friend as much as i want"
abhinav said putting hand around her shoulder ."ya ya that is why you told her to come here with me "nupur said . she knew that the idea of clubbing with her would be 
given by him only . "yup you know nuppu i can't trust anyone around her and i also don't wanted to deny her for clubbing because i will be busy with the meeting  . it's
important otherwise i wouldn't have left her "abhinav reasoned." hmm it makes sense and it's pretty fine i thik should also take break so that was it . you know she is 
lucky to have a brother like you ."

" after mom and dad left she is my only priority now and if not i then who will"abhinav said looking at kritika who was dancing."hmm of cource , i thought you are useless
but i think you are good at one thing atleast "nupur said . "excuse me don't forget that i am your boss and you are not suppose to say this i can still fire you"abhinav 
said with horrible expression and she rolled her eyes."but you just told me you are my friend outsid the company not boss"nupur said smirking . "huh , correcct, fine,
ok jokes apart you are invited to  attend my sister's birthday party and you will have to attend it after all she is your friend . "


"i would have have definitely come to grace the party with my present even if you have not invited after all she is my friend "nupur said abhinav in teasing tone and went
to take tequila shot. kritika came to them and dragged both of them to dance floord . just then abhinav received message ."so girls you enjoy i think it's time to leave 
for meeting"abhinav informed them and went to his friends to attend the meeting . 





CHAPTER 4: 

author's pov:
it was 5 in  morning and the devil was doing exercise in gym . his back muscles flexed as he did pushups, whole body drenched in his sweat .his body looked as if god has 
given all his time in sculpturing his body . girls use to throw thier body on him but they didn't knew it's better to die then to go in devil's den and  they always
end up in lifeless body .it is better believed that only his body is made by god but he inherited his  soul and actions from devil. no wonder devils can sometime disguise in human
form. 

as he finished his exercise his phone rang and it was his friend Devarsh ."speak up"vansh said picking his call.
"vansh we got the real culprit who asked the man to sell all our information to him . they were none other than chinese . batards really planned everything to get
uscheckmate but didn't knew who are they messing with."devarsh replied.
"i already knew this that they were chinese ,tell me something new."
"ok how can forget it's the vansh . so the point is they themselves destroyed evrything so that there will be no proof or evidence about them. they destroyed everythingincluding their warehouses,brothels, clubs,ports, and not only this but they also killed all people involved in their dirty work"
"as expected from cowards."vansh said smirking. "so now we just want a loophole to track them . no matter what they do but they can't erase their connections.just ask 
abhinav to use his best team to track them."
"already done . so let's meet at your office. abhinav will also be there."devarsh said and hanged the call.

entering his room, vansh went to take shower.he got ready wearing his armani suit.the shirt is tightly clinged to his broad muscular chest that any girl can drool over it
 his closet is not less than a 4 bhk apartment so just imagine how big his room is.he never allows anyone to enter his chamber so forget about his room , only
 selective maids are allowed to come for cleaning . also no one can beat him in fashion .after wearing his suit he wore  his rollex watch that looked damn sexy on his
 veiny arm continued by wearing socks and formal shoes and lastly applied versace eros.


everyone were present at dinning table for breakfast taking their respective seats leaving two chairs empty, one the head chair for the king and the chair at the right 
side of head chair which has been left empty since 5 years and nobody dares to occupy that.  the male elders were discussing about work. the female elders were checking 
evrything to be fine before the devil arrives. no doubt vansh handles the whole corporation but due to some happenings he made sure to make everyone follow the rules
 and never disappoint him. vansh is now close to his grandfather,meera and saimon. the siblings were minding their own business.everyone went silent whene they heard 
the footsteps approaching them as they knew whom they belong. 

vansh pov:
i already knew that the bastards were none other than chinese.they knew that no other country allow chinese  spies or workers in their country so they decide to choose 
the natives. but bad luck this time that one of their rat got caught in Italy .i can to know their trap the same day that bastard decided to join my company and work in 
italian branch. they knew that only legal things cantake place between countries on diplomatic terms but he tried to mislead to mislead italian mafia by rephrasing us
 as their enemy . thanks to my plan and team that we were able to handle the situation and proved us right although it wasn't much necessary to prove but it's good till 
two mafias remains with good relation between them. 

after getting ready i went to dinning room . harsh was already waiting for me downstairs. as i went there i encountered complete silence ,good because i hate 
unneessary sounds. i never asked them to wait for me but it'sjust i gave them the choices that whether they would like to start before me for one day and have their
 rest of meal on wheel chair or would wait for me and continue till they live .quite surprising. it's just the way i like , to see fear of death every time they are 
with me . somethings are needed to be done when they think you are useless to do anything.i took my seat at the head chair.  

i started to have my breakfast. as i took the first bite i can to know who the hell prepared it and banged the glass on the table with a roar."who the hell prepared it 
how many times did i told to not let her cook my food.  for what the hell are we paying these chefs ."and looked at the person who prepared it.i could see everyone in 
the room shivering . "i am done . i have some work at store"nisha said trying to avoid what'scoming next . who will not when the devil himself roars. 

"either you are staying here to witness this or will really be working on the emergency caused at your store due to fire. "i said while giving signal to harsh.
"no no please bhaii stop . i am not going anywhere please bhaii don't do this i am here but bhaii please stop him."nisha instantly sai making crying face and sitting 
back on her chair. everyone in the room knew what i can do when someone disrespects me . and harsh doesnot need to think twice about my order. i say and he is done .
no one stop harsh from following my orders and who doesn't love their life to mess with harsh. harsh understood my smirk and stopped.

"and you why the hell did you decided to make my food or were you planning to put poison in it ."i said angrilly grittinh my teeth to her.
"i am sorry i thought you would like it . it is your favorite "she said controlling her tears.
"favorite my foot. how many times i told you i don't like any thing touched by you . i want don't need anything that has your presence. "i said throwing the plate on 
the ground .


author's pov:
"it's okay vansh we are sorry for mistake please calm down . try to understand it's just her mistake and i promise you it won't happen again . now please calm down and
have your breakfast".his grandmother said in helpless tone . everyone was well aware that what it can lead to if not handled.

"ya correct it was mistake and every mistake should have punishment so that it would never again happen . right mrs. sahaye"vansh said in mocking tone to deepali his 
mother.she looked at him with feared  look knowing she is oomed now.she tried to apologize but before that raajnandini stopped he because she knew that vansh now hates her 
to core and now if deepali tried to speak anything further it will land directly her in biggest punishment so better to sat quite and listen .

"so from now on mrs.deepali sahaye will stay in here room for every meal . she is restricted to enter this dinning room for rest of her life. "vansh ordred."and not only this 
, i think you like to cook too much for other's so from now on she will be preparing whole day food for all the persons working here"vansh declared more like ordered.

vansh was about to leave but glared at deepali and said"and it's your choice whether you want to prepare meal for them or become a meal for my pets whose existence is 
 much worth than yours". everyone in the hall gasped hearing vansh saying this to his mother.vansh reached his car and harsh opened the door for him and they went to 
office where devarsh and abhinav were waiting.

"how many times we told you not to involve yourself in anything related to vansh. if you don't care for yourself atleast think about us "raajnandini said to deepali.
"bhabhi you already know from last 5 years  how much he hates you then why did you do this. do you have a death wish or what  "sonali said getting offended.
"keep quite sonali ."narayanan said stopping sonli from speaking further.
"why should i ask her to not involve herslf in vansh business"sonali said glaring at her husband.
"really mom my whole hardwork was just an inch away from turning into ashes. i can't even imagine myself witnessing my store burning in fire"nisha said getting angry at
her mother.
"okay fine i understand it was my fault to prepare breakfast for him but who told you to stand up from your chair. you also knew that that he doesn't like when someone 
tries to exit from the situation created by him so you were also at fault and you sonali don't tell me what to do or not for my son atleast i thibk about him not like you...."
deepali said to nisha and sonali  with mocking tone.
sonali was about to speak when nisha said  "you know what mom you are just done " with loud noise.
"okay stop it everyone. end this all here. " mr.shlok said stopping the further family drama." and deepali , if you really wish for your well being then do folloe what 
he ordered.miss. D'Souza please pack today's lunch . i and meera will be having lunch with vansh at his office only" shlok ordered one of the head maid .everyone knows
 that vansh atleast listen to his grandfather and meera . 
"now everyone get back to work . "shlok said to everyone ."and nisha, are you getting late now so go .saimon and abheer you already know what to do now just go and do 
as harsh would have ordered you " . nisha went from there rolling her eyes.
saimon is quite obedient to his brother's orders but abheer never liked vansh's dominance over him and what he hasted the most was getting ordered by vansh's right hand 
harsh. for him harsh was just a slave to his brother . vansh knew that harsh had more potential then any other in his family so he decided to get saimon and abheer taried
by him . 

vansh pov:
at 8 i reached my office where abhinav and devarsh were already waiting for me. i was already angry for whatever happened in the morning . i really can't understand why 
doesn't she understand one thing to stay away from me . her presence really disgusts me . entering my office i could easily sense people gulping. just love the way they 
fear from me. as i entered my cabin both of my friends were waiting to start . from chilhood they both didn't left me no matter how much we fight or argue .well abhinav 
owns an IT company which comes in top 5 and devarsh has multinational business of hotels,restaurants, clubs, resorts, car showrooms and other properties. 

"hey devil did you got your prey or searching, for any this morning"abhinav said to calm me . 
"don't start in the morning abhinav or i would make you as my prey "i replied . 
"okay guys stop here, and come to point . "devarsh continued "you were right vansh, these bastard were planning well to finish our existence but they did one mistake.
they knew that if they would have used their private jets to escape we would have tracked, so they must be using any public transport . when we checked the schedule of 
flights from chia we got to know that i flight was cancel at the right moment because their pilot was missing so passengers were transferred from there. "devarsh said 
showing vansh all the details and camera clips which they found by hacking airport's camera . it was very tough but due to harsh excellent security team itvwas possible
" what's new in this many time it happens that flight's  schedule gets delayed . "vansh said 
" you are right vansh but after sometime that flight took off from flying base with just 4 passengers with the same pilot who went missing."devarsh finished .
"really they proved that they are cowards ,bro means it was not only them but the whole airport authiority who was helped  them , thay must have threatened them "
abhinav said .
"ohh so that was thier loophole, but i think that's not it there must be something .why i feel like we are missing something . i can't digest that they escaped from their 
own country"vansh said thinking something . just then harsh barged into the room breathing heavily.everyone frowned seeinh him .
"boss, we got something you need to look"harsh said giving him tablet and showing the recording.
"boss, we tried to tracked the connection transmitt between the plane and the base .we got to know that boss they already knew that we would find even after so much security
it was all planned. they knew that we owuld found about the traitor in italy."harsh told them making them shock "and boss you know where they landed, check here" 
"what the fuck bro ,this time they really ame into lion's den to become prey"abhinav said seeing the location
"huh let them come i will show hem the real devil's hell"vansh said smirking but he was raging inside that they planned to land in his territory and challenge him.he is
not going to spare them (as if he spared anyone).
"this time they will pay for everything "devarsh said with anger . 
"bro calm down , just wait we all want the same but before that we need to plan "abhinav said with calm tone.
"harsh i want you to track their where abouts, ask all out men to be alert in the whole city,keep checks on out warehouse and all shipsments because the upcoming meetings
are necessary of peace "vansh ordered harsh to take care of evrything.
"boss one more important thing, i know it's critical situation but toady we have one of the important meeting with italian mafias and i think this time it's not
mr.Adriano ,it's next heir of italian mafia , thir son mr.      . what do you think sir should we proceed with the meeting or ...."harsh got cuttoff by vansh
"no, we will proceed with the meeting. just take care of the security , i don't want any chaos during meeting with him. i don't want to loose anything due to those
 bastrds"harsh obeyed his order and went for arrangements not before asking for venue of meeting.
"fix it in my  BLUE NIGHT CLUB . i think that will be safe for now. and security will be pretty fine there"devarsh said and evryone agreed.
"make sure the security is tight and everyhing is under control dev , beause toady kritika will also be there for party with her friend. you know i can't deny her
because i want her to be at safe place and no club is safe in the city while those chinese dogs are here"abhinav said in authorative tone.
"then it's good to  ask them to stay at home only because italians will also be there, why take risk"vansh said with coldness.
"you can cancel your meeting then , i don't want to break my sister's heart"abhinav said getting offended. 
"okay guys stop this here and focus on meeting . abhinav you can ask her to come and everything will be under my control"deavarsh said.
"devarsh but remember it'xs not only her but my friend also so check everything twice"abhinav said.
"what friend? since when did have friends rather than us .?"devarsh asked getting confused. 
"yup i do have but she is also my employee and more  than mine she is kitika's sister like, so if something happens to her then we all are dead by kritika, mind it"
abhinav added.
"     


























IMPACTS​

Public Safety: Enhance public safety by providing real time gunshot detection.​

Crime Prevention: the system acts as deterrent to gun violence that may discourage criminal activities.​

Urban Surveillance: These devices can be integrated with CCTV camaras for better awareness in smart cities and high risk areas.​

Crime Data analytics: This device can contribute to analyze crime trend and help police resources to design preventive measures.​

BENIFITS​

High Accuracy in localisation: the device provides precise localization of gunshots, even in complex environments, enhancing the system's reliability.  ​

low power consumption:  FPGA-based systems can be more energy-efficient, making them ideal for long-term outdoor deployment. Customisability: Developers can easily reprogram or update the system to improve detection algorithms, adjust for environmental factors​

reduced false alarms: The combination of the microphone array and FPGA allows for sophisticated sound filtering and signal processing, reducing the chances of false alarms .​

lower operational costs: require less maintenance than traditional processors, lowering the total cost of ownership and making it suitable for large-scale deployment over long periods.​

Scalability:The system can be scaled from small areas like campuses to entire cities. This modular approach allows for cost-effective expansion as needs grow.​